AfterRelativeDate: fix offset-awere date (#35962)
demisto/content: Packs/FiltersAndTransformers/ReleaseNotes/1_2_77.md

#### Scripts

##### AfterRelativeDate

> - Fixed an issue where script fail to compare date to an offset-aware date. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script failed to compare offset-aware dates.
```
